this is the world's most poisonous fish
one or two slices of its meat can be
fatal the man died and his friends have
all ended up seeking hospital treatment
this puffer fish kills up to 20 people a
year because it contains tetrodoxin the
strongest poison in the world oh when he
gets stressed he gets big a single wrong
cut by the chef and your lips tingle
your limbs go numb and you have a few
minutes to
live only a handful of chefs in Japan
have the permit to cook Fugu which takes
over 2 years to get I'm on a mission to
track down a Fugu Chef learn how it's
prepared and hopefully stay alive as I
give it a try if this is our last meal
together then nice meeting you Bo
Sashimi I'm with my local friends Kos
and misato before we dive into the fugu
we're going to travel around Japan and
see what other kind of bizarre foods we
can find because Japan is known to do
things
differently first stop Tokyo we about to
try a Japanese food called nat I've
never had before but I heard it's gross
you guys ready to try it
okay is it bad or good better better
okay okay let's go Nat are cooked
soybeans that have been fermenting in
jars for weeks it's a traditional
Japanese dish and is characterized by
its unique appearance sticky slimy and
stringy this is spice and this is show
you did you eat this when you were a kid
every morning even adult yeah every
morning Nat and
rice yeah than
[Music]
M oh M so good oh it's so gross dude it
looks like freaking snot let's just say
that Nat isn't my favorite dish I can
already tell that the taste is going to
linger on my tongue for the rest of the
day like durian the smelly fruit from
Malaysia it's really creamy and gooey to
continue our bizarre food tour of Japan
Kos and I are flying to the southern
island of kushu and what we're about to
try next might make you squeamish
we made it to rainy Kumamoto in kushu
Island to try horse meat or basashi
because it's famous here so we found a
restaurant serving raw horse meat are
you ready yes I'm ready let's go yeah
excited the restaurant's really cool and
the owner is really friendly and there's
horses all over the
walls is basashi famous
here made most popular in this region of
Japan basashi or raw HSE meat is
considered a delicacy the history of the
dish dates back to ancient times when
people ate it to survive during famines
the tradition continued over the
centuries because the climate of
Kumamoto is very ideal for horse
breeding today basashi is a gourmet
experience and I'm anxious to give it a
try in the most famous restaurant right
here we have a tray of raw horse meat
I'm a little intimidated to eat it it's
crazy to me that they eat horse in Japan
cuz the only other time I've had it is
in usbekistan and Kazakhstan T's like
salami it's a big piece of horse dipping
it in the sauce raw horse meat in
Japan yeah it kind of tastes like tuna
but a little chewier it doesn't have
much flavor I don't know how I feel
about it it's Chewy though I ate it it's
not like it's the worst thing I've ever
had it just doesn't have much of a
[Music]
taste really tasty I don't feel it's
like horse it's like fish there's also a
plate of horse liver this one looks
really gross I don't know if I can eat
this yeah can't do
it yeah look pretty bad to take down and
I don't know that I'm going to do it
lightly I'm not a fan of liver I
actually think liver is one of the
grossest things that you can eat but I
never thought I would eat
[Music]
this oh my God it's terrible that's one
of the worst I've ever
had oh my God it tastes like I just ate
like a
cockroach I think I going have to add
that to my Bizarre Foods list of one of
the craziest things I've eaten horse
liver
oh good experience but let's just say I
won't be eating that again anytime soon
if you think horse liver is Extreme then
prepare yourself for the next dish which
is located in the town of Miyazaki as we
drove across the beautiful kushu island
we indulge in a geothermal sand bath
this is so
weird later on we were invited for a
homecook meal in a tiny
village this house is like a museum yeah
yeah yeah yeah it's so cool it's like
Collectibles and paintings he said he
wants to give you the
picture thank you I'll put it in my in
my house at
home a lot of gifts I've already
received
byee after that we stopped in the town
of shimoni which we heard is the origin
of fugu the poisonous fish that we're
going to try at the end of this video I
want to quickly stop by and see what the
town is like what do you think about
this place who the it's very nice
actually look hugu everywhere
every
fug fug it sounds like you're saying the
town was pretty cool and slightly boring
but now we have to continue our journey
to see a beautiful castle that we heard
is nearby Japan is amazing yeah
completed in 1607 Kumamoto Castle is one
of the largest and most impressive
castles in all of Japan wow Japan is a
cool place you got to visit and my
friend coate likes it so much that he
turned into Michael Jackson
go everyone all right the road trip
continues perhaps the coolest stop on a
road trip around kushu Island was seeing
an exact replica of Easter Island the
only replica in the world this is a
place I've been dying to go for a long
time and it's pretty cool to feel the
spirit here in Japan so beautiful I
think it's real after a few more hours
of driving we made it across the island
to a special restaurant to try our next
bizarre food just want to take a quick
second and thank the sponsor of this
video Asus they just sent me this brand
new laptop called the pro R px13 and I
mean look at it it's so sleek and
awesome and cool so first off the OLED
screen is amazing it is 13 in it's
beautifully colored you can see how
bendy it is it actually flips so you can
use it like this you can use it
vertically or horizontally with your
finger or The Stylist I prefer the
stylist it's way more fun this computer
has Next Level performance with Asus AI
PCS which means that it has built in AI
technology to help you with all your
needs I never seen a computer that's
this far Advanced with AI you can
efficiently manage tasks with a
dedicated co-pilot key providing instant
access to AI assistance this computer
also has an exclusive AI software called
M tree and story cube it provides all
kind of inspiration and digital asset
managing another thing that I love about
Asus Pro art is that it's really thin
and lightweight and it's Ultra adaptable
and easy to carry with you when you're
traveling in a backpack it weighs like
nothing it's super small so it's easy to
use on the go you can also use this
computer anywhere it is strictly tested
to meet you s military grade testing
which basically means that the
durability standards are as high as they
come for computers this is the only
computer in the world that's made by
creators for creators and you can grab
yours by clicking that QR code or
clicking the link in the description
down below we traveled all the way to
Miyazaki to try Sho which is a very
bizarre dish and if you've never heard
of it you're about to find
out these conveyor belt restaurants are
so cool you just put in your order and
then the plates come you don't have to
say anything to anyone it just shows
up Salon there's just like unlimited
water coming from the table and you can
just make your own
tea there
is there it
is what do you think about that oh gross
do you know what shako is I don't know
it's sperm of a male pod really yeah you
never had it before d i i i i never I
never eat you don't like eating sperm no
no shako or Cod sperm is a surprising
delicacy served in specific restaurants
across Japan the dish which looks like
tiny brains has a creamy texture and a
pungent flavor that some people enjoy
Shido is consumed either raw like
Sashimi or lightly cooked but no matter
how it's
prepared it is not for the
[Music]
farted
MH I don't know I don't know like just
gross if bite some juice coming out here
goes nothing
[Music]
it's odly salty this is the raw sperm
sack yeah that's gross it doesn't have
as much of a punch as like liver it's
like salty and gooey and slimy yeah the
aftertaste is gross there's a lot of
jokes I can make right now but I'll save
them for later oh now that we've built
up our tolerance we are ready for
Fugu the infamous puffer fish known for
its deadly toxin that kills 20 people a
year the FDA has ENT ify the puffer fish
species that killed one and sickened
eight others we are flying to Tokyo
because we've been invited by a Top fuku
Chef Mr Yamada to learn how this dish is
prepared from start to finish okay he's
been running a popular restaurant called
koshii for five generations so it's safe
to say this guy really knows his Fugu as
soon as we arrive in Tokyo we take a
taxi to meet Mr Yamada inside of the
fresh fish market we've just entered the
fugu Market here I don't know where we
are but I do know that I have really bad
food poisoning somehow I got it in Japan
and I was up all night on the toilet so
the smell of fish right now is making me
pretty
nauseous do people die eating this yeah
how many
people if they eat and they feel like
something and they die only a little
poison little poison how do you remove
the
poison they cut the stomach and they
take take out the poison the history of
fugu dates back hundreds of years after
it was discovered near a small Seaside
town called Shimon AI local fishermen
caught a bunch of puffer fish and
brought them to the shore but then
people started dying after eating it so
the Japanese government banned it in the
late 1800s the band was lifted but with
strict regulations to ensure safety the
first Fugu restaurant was opened in
shimonoseki in 1888 which marked the
beginning of the regulated Fugu industry
in Japan we're outside the fish market
here the chef has purchased all these
Fugu there's probably a dozen of them in
these tanks and now they're transporting
it to the restaurant if they bite you
lose your finger they have a strong
power why is he not scared he gets used
to it with a car full of fresh Fugu we
head back to the restaurant so Mr Yamada
can prepare it safely so right now
they're taking all the fugu from the car
and delivering it to the chef himself
this is going to be really interesting
see how he prepares
it the process begins with carefully
removing the skin and then cutting out
the liver ovaries and intestines which
contain the lethal poison did I mention
the fish is prepared alive for further
safety reasons if any mistakes are made
then whoever eats it will die die within
minutes W poison I have so much trust in
Mr Yamada because his attention to
detail is mind-blowing how many years
are you a Fugu
Chef 45 years is it true that people
actually die from eating Fugu yes yes
yes true so it will never happen in the
restaurant like restaurant but the
fishermen if they fish Fugu and they eat
and they die have you ever tried the
poison like even like a tiny
bit once he tried a little bit and he
called is like B fast watching his
precise Cuts I feel a mix of Fascination
and unease the idea of eating something
that could kill me is terrifying I've
done my research and seen how gruesome
the desk can be and it's hard to shake
off that fear
oo that's a skin yeah oh oh you guys are
all one family yes yes yes they all
family that's awesome it's really cool
you're the fugu master of
Japan yes this is
on this table we have many different
ways that Fugu is prepared this is for
Shabu Shabu this is sashimi this is
fried skin is here literally everything
the sperm Sac Sho wow this is still
moving it's so fresh you can see it's
beating like a heart if this is our last
meal together then nice meeting you nice
to meet
you Fugu
Sashimi oh that was good oh she really
tasty that's a fried F
[Music]
yeah sounds like you're saying oh fried
puffer
fish that is really damn good M white
meat crispy it's like a chicken nugget
with fish in it these are larger sperm
sacks oh my god wow you going to eat
that um just more bite
it's better than better than yeah this
next bite looks insane cooked in the
Shabu shaboo
pot lot of
Bones M it's chewy flavor is really nice
yeah who would have known that Fugu is
that tasty it's not only an exotic food
it's a very very tasty food the best
part is that we haven't dyed
yet tat yeah experiencing Japan's
bizarre food over the last few days has
been incredible oh yeah even if these
dishes seem unusual or controversial
they've been integral to Japanese
culture for centuries from Fugu to Raw
horse meat and cod sperm each dish
pushed my boundaries and tantalize my
taste buds oh that was good o thank you
for watching and I'll see you guys in
the next video
[Music]